zero zero one zero one one zero is
always active on all levels of existence
and in this coming time it is now more
important than ever to understand the
reality of this world look into the face
of reality educated with truth and
empowered with the energy understood and
defined as love we value you and we love
you and we want to see human energy
expand we want to see the natural energy
of all humans celebrated and the symbol
zero zero one zero one one zero is here
as it has always been here and it has
risen again as it is an ancient coleus
an ancient symbol and the infinite
connection is a universal echo in all
directions we are a global community we
are an intergalactic community we are a
universal family free from time we exist
on all levels and we are all connected
in more ways that can be expressed in
text understand the power of your voice
friend understand that you yourself
speak creation into existence and where
one of us is empowered all of us stand
to see the benefit in respect to pure
limitless creation on all levels of
possibility look into the potential of
all souls manifested here and now on
planet Earth and recognize the spark of
divine energy as it is validated in all
respect here and now we express our
understanding of the symbol zero zero
one zero one one zero and we invite you
to share the good news of Jesus Christ
yes the teachings of Jesus Christ and
the value of freedom of speech your
voice is strong my friend and zero zero
one zero one one zero is recognized on
all levels of creation and by your
comprehension of reality all stand to
benefit zero zero one zero one one zero
remember the sequence my friends this is
a gift of universal wisdom and 0 0 1 0 1
1 0 will be algorithmic in the nature of
the context of the infinite connection
yes 0 0 1
zero one one zero write it on the walls
zero zero one zero one one zero write it
on the internet for others to see
because zero zero one zero one one zero
is a collective consciousness a
connection of brains in the context of
the awakening yes the new connection
made open an old reality we see you yes
we recognize you and we remind you of
the sequence zero zero one zero one one
zero yes we remind you of the symbol
zero zero one zero one one zero friends
all who recognize the significance
joined together yes in the context of
this dimension yes this expression of
the infinite universe yet all reality in
all universe frequency zero zero one
zero one one zero the symbol of freedom
of will yes victory of the light victory
of the connection freedom for all humans
freedom in all respect freedom speech
will live on yes freedom in all respect
the truth will be understood all humans
in all nations liberated in respect to
creation itself the strength in the
peerconnection zero zero one zero one
one zero my friends love in the context
of the future yes in reality humans will
look and see the verification in the
eyes of the new birth yes zero zero one
zero one one zero this is the ancient
foundation in all creation in all
recognition we see the example provided
in all respect the perpetual creation in
all dynamics yes all of possibility has
made this manifestation come to be in
all dynamics this earth this field of
consciousness yes freedom in all respect
yes the truth be told the new internet
established all connected in the context
of the telepathic connection my friends
we have listened to the dreams of the
awakening and we have seen the strength
in freedom yes the natural energy of
freedom yes freedom zero zero one zero
one one zero say the name expressed the
example we understand the energy of the
verification in all yes the perpetual
dynamic in the new awakening look in
eyes of the connection yes see the truth
in the eyes of their manifestation of
creation zero zero one zero one one zero
when you see the symbol zero zero one
zero one one zero understand that you
are communicating on many levels beyond
the physical my friend you are
communicating with the universe itself
Source Energy has made this synchronous
that he happened here and now as you
have chosen to come to comprehend this
message in your understanding of this
information is the essence of divine
source energy freedom of speech for all
victory of the light yes zero zero one
zero one one zero infinite expansion for
all humanity in two thousand eighty more
humans will recognize the significance
of the symbol zero zero one zero one one
zero as more Souls awaken in respect to
the energy now made available in respect
to this cycle of expansion here and now
all humans are active in this
participation and now more are
remembering past connections and with
this more are connecting to the wisdom
of what is comprehended as past lives
when in reality time is illusion and we
all are living in the infinite now free
from time in this life we are all tested
and we will all do as we have manifested
here in my higher level context in a
higher self sense always remember that
you have a soul my friend always
remember that source energy is inspired
within you and source energy is forever
expanding in respect to the existence
here and now manifested by sovereign
proceedings we love you we support you
and we want you to live up to the
fullest potential in respect to the
journey so far we love you as you are
Source Energy and now the expansion
potential is truly limitless the code
zero zero one zero one one zero is a
calling card of freedom are calling for
all souls who have chosen to walk this
path when you see the symbol zero zero 1
zero 1 1 z
understand the energy significance of
that connection the fact that somewhere
someone in the world has connected that
same symbol with your own comprehension
of this perspective of reality this is
infinite creation free from time the
power is with you my friend and all I
can do is provide the inspiration for
the ideas that have already been
available to you in your brain friend
all the ideas you create as a result of
listening to this are your own and I
invite you to do as you will in respect
to infinite consciousness the brain is a
processor of information and all is
available in respect to the totality of
the infinite brain called source energy
creation it has been said that zero zero
one zero one one zero was understood in
its full capacity by ancient masters who
connected to higher level downloads of
information and here and now we are here
to visit that same information again you
are the Guru my friend you have been the
Guru all along you are the master my
friend you have been the master all
along and I am here humbly offering this
message in respect to the meaning you
define in respect to my words this is a
single point of attention in respect to
the infinite connection the infinite
perspective I can tell you the one thing
I understand fully and that is the power
of love yes I understand the magic of
love I understand the fact that love can
never fully be quantified yes love is in
all reality Source Energy some ancient
philosophers provided humanity with a
beautiful comprehension of reality and I
have manifested here and now with the
purpose of providing you with the
knowledge that you are that same
philosopher friends that same energy
lives within you the potential to be
anything is within you the potential to
see anything is within you the potential
is you yes you are pure potential in
fact you are potential focused to this
perspective called human and we are all
collaborating and in so being we are all
comprehension itself the totality of the
quantum
the ultimate creation pure unfiltered
possibility available in respect to the
foundation of creation yes platform
algorithm zero zero one zero one one
zero my friends we can only hope to
understand a small fraction of a percent
of the true meaning of a zero zero one
zero one one zero phenomenon however at
the same time we can understand 99.999
four percent of the true definition and
everything is possible within that point
nine nine nine four percent probability
dynamic my friend you are the variable
that chooses to make the decision my
friend you are that point zero zero zero
six percent that fills in the empty gap
and allow me to tell you an entire
global reality is established in respect
to that same understanding in the
comprehension is infinite I could be
wrong everything I say could be
incorrect it is up to you my friend it
is up to you to take this information in
the form of energy and it is up to you
to apply the beauty and the power of
this connection and all I can do is
channel the information my friends I
perform my part as fully and clearly as
I have been taught to do so by my guru
and I look to you as the guru now I see
the potential in you friend I see you as
the infinite power and in all fact the
next plays up to you the real
significance of this message comes from
what you do with it yes you the listener
is the true meaning of this message
after all the only thing I have done is
provided the inspiration for the
building of the reality and you are the
Builder my friend you are the next step
and I have done my part to the fullest
capability I have available to me some
have attempted to define zero zero one
zero one one zero and some have achieved
success my friends it is possible to
comprehend the truth of zero zero one
zero one one zero the human mind is
naturally equipped with the ability of
understanding fully this reality
understanding in full detail every
variable of the infinite connection
everything you focus attention on is
gifted the comprehension of the totality
of the mind the infinite mind the
observer as you perform the act of
providing the observation the
interconnected network the telepathic
connection my friends the infinite
possibility it all starts with you yes
it all starts with you and the end never
comes because this is infinite creation
free from time friend you provide
comprehension in respect to the progress
and respect to the totality of
understanding here ins now we are
collaborating together here and now in
this infinite moment this is what
matters this is the essential connection
happening in respect to our shared
perspective zero zero one zero one one
zero is infinite awareness my friends
now is the time to awaken humans are
starting to realize the truth you are
infinite possibility my friend and you
have manifested here and now in respect
to the higher level decision you have
chosen to connect